botswana_okavango_delta/abu_camp, Abu Camp 
namibia_etosha/anderssons_camp, Andersson's Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/banoka_bush_camp, Banoka Bush Camp 
zambia_kafue/busanga_bush_camp, Busanga Bush Camp 
malawi_nyika_plateau/chelinda_camp, Chelinda Camp 
malawi_nyika_plateau/chelinda_lodge, Chelinda Lodge 
malawi_lake_malawi/chintheche_inn, Chintheche Inn 
botswana_okavango_delta/chitabe_camp, Chitabe Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/chitabe_lediba, Chitabe Lediba 
namibia_kunene/damaraland_camp, Damaraland Camp 
zimbabwe_hwange/davisons_camp, Davison's Camp 
namibia_kunene/desert_rhino_camp, Desert Rhino Camp 
namibia_kunene/doro_nawas_camp, Doro Nawas Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/duba_plains, Duba Plains 
botswana_linyanti_selinda/dumatau_camp, DumaTau Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/jacana_camp, Jacana Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/jao_camp, Jao Camp 
botswana_kalahari/kalahari_plains_camp, Kalahari Plains Camp 
zambia_south_luangwa/kalamu_lagoon_camp, Kalamu Lagoon Camp  
botswana_linyanti_selinda/kings_pool_camp, Kings Pool Camp 
namibia_sossusvlei/kulala_desert_lodge, Kulala Desert Lodge 
namibia_sossusvlei/kulala_wilderness_camp, Kulala Wilderness Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/kwetsani_camp, Kwetsani Camp 
namibia_sossusvlei/little_kulala, Little Kulala 
zimbabwe_hwange/little_makalolo_camp, Little Makalolo Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/little_mombo_camp, Little Mombo Camp 
namibia_etosha/little_ongava, Little Ongava 
botswana_okavango_delta/little_vumbura, Little Vumbura 
zimbabwe_hwange/makalolo_plains_camp, Makalolo Plains Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/mombo_camp, Mombo Camp 
malawi_lake_malawi/mumbo_island_camp, Mumbo Island Camp 
malawi_liwonde/mvuu_camp, Mvuu Camp 
malawi_liwonde/mvuu_wilderness_lodge, Mvuu Lodge 
seychelles/north_island, North Island 
congo_odzala_kokoua/odzala_camp, Odzala Camps 
namibia_etosha/ongava_lodge, Ongava Lodge 
namibia_etosha/ongava_tented_camp, Ongava Tented Camp 
south_africa_kruger_national_park/pafuri_camp, Pafuri Camp 
south_africa_kruger_national_park/pafuri_walking_trails, Pafuri Walking Trail 
namibia_kunene/palmwag_lodge, Palmwag Lodge 
south_africa_maputaland/rocktail_beach_camp, Rocktail Beach Camp 
zimbabwe_mana_pools/ruckomechi_camp, Ruckomechi Camp 
botswana_linyanti_selinda/savuti_camp, Savuti Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/seba_camp, Seba Camp 
kenya_laikipia/segera_camp, Segera 
botswana_linyanti_selinda/selinda_camp, Selinda Camp 
namibia_kunene/serra_cafema, Serra Cafema 
zambia_kafue/shumba_camp, Shumba Camp 
namibia_kunene/skeleton_coast_camp, Skeleton Coast Camp 
zambia_victoria_falls/the_river_club, The River Club 
zambia_victori_falls/toka_leya_camp, Toka Leya Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/tubu_tree_camp, Tubu Tree Camp 
botswana_okavango_delta/vumbura_plains, Vumbura Plains 
botswana_okavango_delta/xigera_camp, Xigera Camp 
botswana_linyanti_selinda/zarafa_camp, Zarafa Camp